V1.3.6
	Added additional criteria to check for current zone quests
	Added a check to see if the quest is part of a campaign as part of the "important quest" selection

V1.3.5
	Added logic to the current zone tracking to check the main quest group/header title. i.e. quests in the Valdrakken group will track when you're in Valdrakken
	Added logic to ignore quests if the player has them "SuperTracked" with a waypoint set.  now we won't remove your quests that you have focused!
	the Set All buttons no longer toggle the "ALL QUESTS" checkbox on and off

V1.3.0
	removed the check for manually checked quests as something has changed in the Blizzard Quest API and the auto-tracked quests are being marked as manual too
	Added "track all" to force all trackable quests to track. Will likely hit a limit for tracked quests so still won't see them all?
	Added profession quest tracking
	Added "important" quest tracking - not sure which quests are being flagged as important by Blizzard though
	Added delves and scenarios to the dungeon tracking option.  (checking for dungeons checks all three quest types)
	Added some additional zone and completion checks to try and capture it all
	Added a sortation call after tracking quests - should use Blizzard's sortation for proximity to player
	Added a options panel refresh if its open and the player uses a slash command to change a setting

	(hoping that the manual vs auto tracking flag bug in the API gets fixed so I can allow for manually tracked quests again.)

V1.2.8
	converted to Settings. instead of InterfaceOptions_ for the settings/options panel
	TOC update to 11.0

V1.2.7
	Added icon and project ID metadata
	TOC bump
	
V1.2.6
	Fixed PvP quest tracking, small typo error.

V1.2.5
	Fixed some typo errors that caused the pvp/raid/dungeon settings to not work
	Changed how the current map/zone is checked; now reverse checks if the quest is within the table returned of all quests within the player's current zone instead of checking the quest's "home zone"
	Some optimizations to reduce resource requirements during updates

V1.2.0
	Addon now recognizes if you've manually tracked the quest (i.e. shift clicked in your quest log) and won't remove that quest from your quest log.
	A "reset" button has been added to the options panel so that you can remove all manual tracking that you've put in place and return to fully automatic.
	Added buttons for "all on", "all off" and "return to defaults" to the options panel
	Added a version check to the SavedVariables to notify player of an update
	Added tracking options for pvp, dungeon, and raid quests so that these can be auto-tracked regardless of current zone
	

V1.1.0
	Rewrote code to be simpler (this will cause your settings to be reset when migrating to this version)
	Added tracking option for "all completed quests" that are ready to turn in
	Added settings panel in the interface options with checkboxes for each setting
	
V1.0.3
	Fixed LUA errors when there are no quests in the current zone
	Fixed LUA errors when unable to check the current map
	
V1.0.2
	Fixed the settings not saving between sessions/reloads
	Fixed addon load message when "active" is off

V1.0.1
	Adjust event handler to not start too early during log-in

V1.0.0
	Initial Release